Reduce duplication and clarify role of chairs (#1278)
cncf/tag-security: governance/roles.md

> Leads, any Chair may act as Technical Lead.

Reviewer: The TAG has grown past the point where "If the TAG has less than two Technical Leads, any Chair may act as Technical Lead." can be removed. There is the text that supersedes this with "Chairs may additionally perform any actions of technical leads as needed, especially serving as the Security TAG leadership representative to a project."

> * Primary role of Chairs is to run operations and the governance of the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The primary role of Chairs is to ensure effective operations and governance of the group. 
```

  This includes coordination with the TOC and providing approval for governance
  changes.

> * The Chairs are responsible for ensuring that group meetings are planned

Reviewer: The responsibility of ensuring a meeting is facilitated effectively falls on the meeting facilitator based off the facilitation schedule. Sometimes chairs may be absent so that responsibility becomes shared with the designated person regardless of their role.

>   * Asking for new proposals to be made to address an identified need.

Reviewer: This is vague and also feels that long-term planning as well ensuring the work stays current and relevant is a shared responsibility across all leadership roles

  * Partnering with Technical Leads to establish a roadmap and manage ongoing
    projects.
 * Chairs may additionally perform any actions of technical leads as needed,

>    especially serving as the Security TAG leadership representative to a project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   especially serving as the Security TAG leadership representative to a project and approving Pull Requests especially for top-level content of the repository. 
```

Reviewer: I don't disagree but this point probably warrants  a line item/bullet point, rather than being part of additional actions a chair may perform.
